cyberArk fix test (#15602)
demisto/content: Packs/cyberark_AIM/ReleaseNotes/1_0_9.md

#### Integrations
##### CyberArk AIM v2

> - Fixed an issue in **test** module when empty credential_names parameter caused success without an actual test. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **test** module returned "success" for incorrect integration configuration.
```
